Hop in, pard.
Where you going?
Vegas.
Come on.
This is your lucky day.
You can sit a little
bit closer if you want.
It was a bad idea.
Chill, OK?
I'm chilled.
I sure am glad you're going
to be such good company.
Jesus saves!
I don't like Garth Brooks.
Me neither.
I don't know anybody
that likes him.
You going to keep that thing
open all the way to Vegas?
You got a name?
Look, I'll just
pull over. You can get out, OK?
I've been driving
all the way from Kansas.
I ain't in the mood to get myself
pickle-stuck for doing somebody a favour.
OK?
I'll just pull on over.
All right?
So you got a name?
I'm Jeff.
Nomi.
What kind of name's that?
My mom was Italian.
Italian, huh?
You one of those Mafia girls?
That why you got your blade?
What are you going to Vegas for,
you going to win?
I'm going to dance.
You going to be one of them
private escort dancers?
OK, OK, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
KBID, you never go to sleep in Vegas.
There she is.
You been here before?
Sure. I got an uncle,
he's a host at the Riviera.
You gamble?
No.
You got to gamble
if you're going to win.
I'm going to win.
Then use some of that Mafia
money you got in the suitcase.
Just leave your stuff in the car.
I'll talk to my uncle,
see if he can help you get a job.
What, ain't anyone
ever been nice to you?
Want to play a slot machine?
Yeah.
Here's 10 bucks.
You win, we split it up.
No holding out on me either.
I'm going to go see my uncle.
Meet you right back here.
Holy shit!
Look at you.
Want to try some silver dollars?
Sure.
Fuck!
You lose all your money, honey?
You want to make some more?
It won't take you
any longer than 15 minutes.
Sooner or later,
you're going to have to sell it.
Fuck!
Shit.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Fuck the fucker!
That's my car!
I want my fucking suitcase!
Get off my car!
Jesus.
Hey... Leave me alone!
So...
What was in your suitcase?
Nothing. Just my stuff.
Everything I had.
Fuck!
I just got here.
Welcome to Vegas.
You know anybody here?
Got any family you can call?
I don't have any family.
Where are you from?
Back east.
From where back east?
Different places.
Look,
you can stay with me
if you need a place to crash.
It's not much.
Until you get a job?
Are you hitting on me?
No.
You're not a hooker, are you?
Andrew Carver, another smash,
Walk into the Wind.
Should we walk into the wind
Check it out!
They're great.
They're neat, huh?
They're neat.
Want to come with me?
We've got this new lead.
She's really good.
I got to go to work.
Jerk, you don't have to be to work
for three hours.
What are you going to do,
watch TV and eat chips?
Yeah.
Where are the chips?
I don't know.
You ate them, didn't you?
Mmm-mmm. - Yes, you did.
No, I didn't. - You did!
You did! - Stop.
Oh, come on, Nomi.
You can show off your nails.
They'll all be so jealous.
You think?
I think.
What am I going to wear?
Wear the dress
that I made last week.
The fringe one?
I'll put my hair up.
We don't have time.
I'll hurry. I promise.
All right, let's go.
Let's do this.
Come on, you have two minutes.
Robes off.
Ladies, how are we doing?
Annie. What?
You're naked.
What happened?
It just ripped.
It's almost done.
Molly, they'll see a smiling snatch
if you don't fix this G-string.
I'll be right there, Annie.
She wants to smile her snatch.
She probably cut that string herself.
You're terrible, Julie.
OK, you're done.
Come on, guys, move it.
What's that smell?
That damn monkey act.
He feeds them garlic.
It stinks.
Want me to go on stage without a G?
I am fixing it right now.
Give me one damn minute.
Jesus!
Who wants to see her snatch anyway?
I certainly wouldn't. - We know that.
Nomi, come on.
All right, you guys, let's line it up.
You got four counts of eight.
Miss Connors.
Just set them over there.
There! All right, let's move it!
Molly, my G!
Here.
Wouldn't it be great if one of these
nights she fell down the stairs?
Watch from the show room.
Can I go up there?
Sure.
You got two counts of eight.
What are you doing?
Brian, move your ass!
Ladies and gentlemen,
the Stardust proudly presents
Miss Cristal Connors.
We could've brought
anyone into this show.
Latoya, Suzanne, you name it.
We wanted Cristal.
Cristal Connors defines
what Las Vegas is all about.
She's dazzling, she's exciting,
and she's very, very sexy.
How does it feel to be back in Vegas?
How did you feel about the show tonight?
It's the best show I've ever been in.
I only hope I can do it justice.
You did, and you will.
We're thrilled to have you here.
And I'm thrilled to be here.
You, too, now.
Mr. Karlman, can we have one of you
handing Cristal the flowers?
Zack.
You do it.
This is Zack Carey, entertainment
director of the Stardust Hotel.
He's so smooth.
Your bouquet, Ms. Connors.
Can I keep them?
That's it. Thank you for coming.
That's all.
She's great, isn't she?
She doesn't suck.
Molly, we still need you.
Come with me.
You can be my assistant. Come on.
Yes?
Yes, Miss Connors.
Cristal. Please.
And you are? - I'm sorry.
Molly. Molly Abrams.
Molly, this top is too tight.
My breasts are getting crushed.
I can loosen it for you.
OK. To about here.
No, no, a little less.
I want my nipples to press,
but I don't want them
to look like they're levitating.
OK. - Thanks, darlin'.
You're welcome.
You were really great tonight, Miss...
Cristal.
Thanks, darlin'.
Andrew Carver sent you these?
If that's what the card says,
then that's who sent it.
I just love him.
Oh. This is my friend Nomi.
She's a dancer, too.
Is she now?
Yes, and she's really good.
Where do you dance at?
Um...
At the Cheetah.
I don't know how good you are, darlin',
and I don't know
what it is you're good at,
but if it's at the Cheetah,
it's not dancing, I know that much.
You don't know shit!
I'm, I'm really sorry, Miss Connors.
Cristal.
I told you.
Your friend has nice nails.
She does them herself.
Maybe she can do mine sometime.
Hey! Nomi!
I work here, OK?
I need my pay check.
I do not want her to be pissed at me.
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
Jesus, Nomi.
I'll drive you to work, OK?
I'm not going.
They'll fire you.
Fuck, I don't care.
Yes, you do. - No, I don't.
OK.
Let's go.
Where?
You know where.
She can dance, can't she?
She thinks she can.
I'm going to go dance with her.
Man, you can't do that.
You're working.
T.C.'s going to have your ass.
T.C.'s at the Riviera playing craps.
You want to dance?
I am dancing.
But do you want to dance with me?
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
I'm going to have a drink.
You can dance.
I don't lie.
You can't.
Then what am I doing?
Teasing my dick.
You got potential. I could teach you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I'm not teasing it now, am I?
Watch it, buddy.
Be cool. I'm a bouncer.
You be cool, buddy.
Nomi!
Hey, you! Hey!
Hold her!
She started it.
Fuck you!
Fuck you, asshole!
Malone.
Yeah.
You're out of here.
Hey, your release papers.
Yo, what's up?
I bailed you out, girl.
Don't that even
give me a cup of coffee?
All I did was tell
you I'd teach you to dance.
I don't need nobody
to teach me to dance.
That's because you're a bad-ass.
You got your arm straight out,
saying, "Back off, motherfucker."
Yeah, you got that down.
Back off, motherfucker!
Whoo! You know what?
My head hurts, my dick hurts,
and you got me fired
from my fucking job.
Shit happens, you know?
That's it?
That's what I get, fucking wisdom?
Yeah, that's it.
You get wisdom.
You're not just a pain in my
head and a pain in my dick.
You're also a pain in my ass.
Life sucks, you know?
"Life sucks"? "Shit happens"?
You get this stuff off of T-shirts?
I just want a cup of coffee.
Yeah? - Yeah.
You got a quarter?
Sure. Here.
Buy yourself a cup.
Al is pissed.
He says if you miss another night...
How did you get out?
Him. He bailed me out.
How come?
I kicked him in the nuts.
He liked it?
He must've.
Nomi.
Nomi, do my boobs
look any bigger to you?
Shit. Carmi thinks
she's pregnant again.
Girl, you missed your period again?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
It's like a Japanese convention out there.
Hey, mama!
Maybe you better get your little
weenie jokes cranked up there.
This thing isn't working again.
Come on, baby.
Come on, here we go.
One more time. Harder. Harder.
Yeah! Yeah!
Let me try it.
I want you to meet Hope.
Hi. Hello, Hope. Hello, Hope.
OK, cut it out.
This is Tiffany,
Farrah, Heather,
Henrietta.
My name isn't Hope. My name's Penny.
They want class, dumb-dumb.
They don't want to fuck a Penny.
They want to fuck a Heather or a Tiffany.
Or a Hope, huh?
This is a class joint.
You got that?
Gentlemen and those few ladies out there,
what you've all been waiting for,
Henrietta,
Queen of Bazooms!
Pull your dress up.
You couldn't handle me
with all these wrinkles of fat.
Why, you'd never even find the thing.
I'd have to piss on you
to give you a clue.
You need more pink.
Thanks, Heather.
Have you ever done a lap dance before?
No.
Got to talk them into it, OK?
50 bucks a pop,
you take them in the back.
Touch and go. They touch, they go.
You can touch them.
They cannot touch you.
Oh, that's good.
If they come, it's OK.
If they take it out, come all
over you, call the bouncer.
Unless he gives you a big tip.
If he gives you a big tip,
it's OK.
You got that?
OK.
And you.
Where the fuck were you last night?
I was having my period, Al.
You don't want blood all over the place.
Do you?
I'm getting real tired
of your shit, kid.
If you want to last longer than a week,
you'll give me a blow job.
First I get you used to the money,
then I make you swallow.
Was he serious?
Here we are.
Oh, look, baby, you missed a spot.
Thank you.
The farmer in the dell
I had a cherry once
And now it's shot to hell
Hey. Get off the stage!
Get off the stage!
You better shut your hole,
honey! Mine's making money.
You know what they call that useless
piece of skin around a twat?
What? - What?
A woman!
Ladies and gentlemen,
the girl to tickle your pickle,
Heather!
Yeah.
Take off your clothes
Can I see it, baby?
I got a good shot
Put your Leg on the chair
You know you're too hot
when you play with your hair
I like it
I just want to holler,
scream, and shout
When you Let your fingers
do the walking
Phil, what'd he say?
He says in America,
everyone's a gynecologist.
You like her?
I like you.
I'll buy her for you.
What the hell are you doing?
We got spenders out there.
Put your nightie on.
Tell him to go fuck himself.
I'll kick your ass out of here.
Tell him. - Do yourself a favour.
OK,
I'll put my nightie on.
Hi. My name's Heather.
Want a drink?
Hi, I'm Heather.
Would you like a private dance with me?
Could I suck your tits?
You can't touch me,
but I can touch you.
I'd love to touch you.
I know where you can touch me.
Heather.
What's going on?
They want a private dance with her.
So? Great, get over there.
Hi. My name is Heather.
Hey, Nomi.
I love your nails.
We'd like you to private
dance with both of us.
We don't do that.
One at a time, no women.
$100.
Sorry. That's the rules.
200. You just do Zack, and I'll watch.
500.
Done.
I said done.
You guys just sit over there,
and I'll change the music.
What's this about, Cris?
It's about fun.
You sit there,
and I'll sit here.
She's got to work it
For the pleasure of the people
She'll only get lost in your mind
She's got to work it
For the pleasure of the people
She'll only get lost in your mind
Sex kitty dances to
the heartbeat of a dreamer
Watch out
You're just wasting your time
What are you doing here, man?
Nothing.
You want it, you pay for it.
Thank you.
500.
That was fun, wasn't it?
You're such a bitch.
Oh, but you love me.
Can you walk?
Yeah.
Good night, girls.
Good night. - Good night.
Get some rest.
Go out and celebrate.
We can go to my place
and smoke some dope.
You still got some
of the Thai stuff?
I love thighs. I almost
get off on thighs.
I like armpits, too.
You want to come, Nomi?
Not me.
I'll come.
Hey, you just got 500 off a lap dance.
Al, just stop.
You act like somebody died.
Hey. Wait a minute. Listen.
Just listen.
You got more
natural talent when you dance
than anybody I've ever seen.
I've seen a lot of dancers.
I studied in New York, Alvin Ailey.
You burn when you dance.
Yeah, you said I couldn't.
You got to hold some of it in.
You got some shit to learn.
Dancin' ain't fuckin'.
What's that, more wisdom? I know that.
No, you don't.
You dance like when
you fucked that guy last night.
What guy?
That guy with the chick.
You took 'em in the back.
I didn't fuck him.
Yeah you did, you fucked him and her.
Are you following me around?
I didn't fuck anybody.
I saw you!
Man, everybody got AIDS and shit.
Y'know, what is it that you think you do?
You fuck 'em without fucking 'em,
that's what you do.
Well, it ain't right.
You got too much talent for that
to be right.
Get out of here!
Bitch, I'm tellin' you the truth.
You want me to go, I'm outta here.
Boo! I got an "A."
Four more classes and they're
gonna have to give me that degree.
Great.
Oh my god,
I haven't gotten laid in six months.
My right hand is so tired,
I can barely thread a needle.
Use the left one.
For threading a needle?
Yeah.
I like that.
I can make that.
Yeah?
Yeah. Let's go to the fabric store.
I wanna buy it. I've got the money.
Why?
I don't know. I just do.
I never had a dress like that.
It'll look great on me.
Won't it?
Yeah.
Ooh, what do you think?
Oh, my goodness.
It looks quite good on you.
It doesn't suck.
I can't believe I bought it.
We'll celebrate. I'll buy you a burrito.
I'll even buy you some fajitas.
Oh, fajitas.
Fuck, I can't. I'm on early.
Al's on my back.
Don't worry. I'll drive you.
OK.
Oh my God!
He's coming here!
Maybe you can meet him.
I wouldn't know what to say to him.
You say, "Andrew, I can't
even thread a needle anymore."
Baby, mama's waitin' for you.
Come to me.
Stop!
I gotta get tickets to the concert.
Hey, come on.
- Hey baby, give it to me.
Excuse me. - Come on, baby.
Hey... Fuck off!
Whoa. Sorry.
Remember me?
Phil Newkirk, Stardust Hotel.
Uh-huh. - Listen, there's a
spot open in the chorus line.
We're auditioning tomorrow morning.
I think you should try out.
Me?
Yeah, you.
You came here to ask me?
When I saw you dance, I thought, "Yes."
She sent you, didn't she?
No, nobody sent me.
Be there at 10:00.
Ba-um! Ba-um! Ba-um!
The Queen of Bazooms,
Henrietta!
I wanna see your ass.
Oh, show me a home
Where the buffalo roam
And I'll show you a home
Full o' shit
Thank you. Good night.
Molly! Molly!
What? What is it?
I got...I got an audition.
Hey, Pollyanna.
What did you call me?
I said you looked like Pollyanna.
OK, ladies,
I'm Tony Moss.
I produce this show.
Some of you probably
heard that I'm a prick.
I am a prick.
I got one interest here,
and that's the show.
I don't care whether you live or die.
I wanna see you dance and
I wanna see you dance smile.
I can't use you if you can't smile,
I can't use you if you can't show,
I can't use you if you can't sell.
Let me take a look at you.
Spread out. Spread out.
Jesus Christ!
Marty, take a look at these tits.
What are these, watermelons?
This is a stage, babe, it's not a patch.
See ya.
I've seen you before.
Yes, Mr. Moss,
I auditioned for you in January.
You told me to get my nose fixed.
Nose looks good.
Thank you, Mr. Moss.
Nice smile, too.
You know what though, your ears
are stickin' out. They are.
Come back and see me
when you get 'em fixed.
See ya.
Can you spell
MGM backwards? I bet you can't.
M-G-M. - I'm impressed.
Come back when you've fucked
some of this baby fat off. See ya.
I hope you got some
nice wigs, tennis ball.
I do.
What kind of classes have you had?
Ice-skating classes, Mr. Moss,
ballet classes, technique classes,
stretch classes, jazz classes,
jazz technique classes.
This show is called Goddess,
it ain't called Classes.
See ya.
What kind of classes have you had?
I haven't had classes.
Then what are you doing here?
I'm watching you be a prick.
Well, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Gay, run them through the routine.
All right you guys, everyone
back up, find some space.
Start with your right leg,
slap it on, 1, 2, 3, and 4.
Go! 5, 6, 7.
Hit it!
Bum-bah! Ho! Ho!
Slam it! Bum-bah! Ho!
Kick! Ha! Ha!
Go! Go! Go!
And... Stay there!
All right relax guys.
You can take a break.
OK, tennis ball,
dark hair in the back...
Hello, doll.
Hello. So how's it going?
Pretty good.
OK.
I want you to stay.
And...you.
You, too.
Goodbye, ladies,
you wasted my time and yours.
The other three, line 'em up.
OK, show me your tits.
I got a topless show, for
Chrissakes. Let me see your tits!
Very nice.
Very nice, ladies.
Gay? - Yah? - Go to the other music.
Marty, change the lights.
Cue Angel. Let's come in at 20 seconds.
Jack, bring up the side spots.
All right!
I wanna see some attitude!
I said attitude!
Come on, ladies!
Sell! Sell your bodies!
Cut it!
Try yoga, babe, or hangin'
from the ceiling or something.
See ya. Marty, ice.
You got something
wrong with your nipples?
No.
They're not sticking up. Stick them up.
What?
Play with them a little bit.
Pinch 'em a little.
You want me to do it for ya,
I'll do it.
I'm erect.
Why aren't you erect?
Here, put some ice on them.
I called that one right.
See ya, Pollyanna.
That's it for today. Thank you.
You got me the audition, didn't you?
Uh-hmm. - Why?
Maybe I like the way you dance.
Maybe I like you.
What difference does it make?
Did you enjoy that out there?
Yeah, darlin', I think I did.
I hate you.
I know.
Here, wipe your nose.
Hey the orthodontist convention
is over there.
The realtors are comin' in
in 20 minutes.
Let's line 'em up!
Hey. - Hey.
- What are you doing here?
I just did an audition.
What, you wanna be a showgirl?
Smith, what are you doing?
Move those bags.
Didn't go too good, huh?
Well you know, I'm glad about that.
Just don't, OK?
I'm not in the mood!
Hey, Smith!
Hey Smith, I'm talking to you.
You don't want to be
in this kind of show.
What you're doing,
at least it's honest.
They want tits and ass,
you give them tits and ass.
Here, they pretend
they want somethin' else,
and you still show them
tits and ass.
You wanna work her, you work her
on your own time. You got it?
Now go over there and start
lining up those bags.
I'm talking to her.
You're what?
I said I'm talking to her. I'm not
working her. I'm talking to her.
And you're interrupting
my conversation, and that's rude.
Get the fuck out of here!
Asshole.
You're fired!
Yeah? Take this jacket.
Come on. Now look what you done.
You got me fired again.
You're a real bad-ass.
Ain't you got no shame?
You know what? What
a beautiful day it is.
The sun's shining,
neon blazin', money's flowin'.
I'm gonna cheer you up, you know that?
I'm gonna get you the best meal in town.
Yeah? - Yeah.
You like that burger.
Where you from?
Different places.
You like talkin' about you, huh?
Where are we?
My place.
Why?
I wanna show you something.
The best suite in town.
I had to beg and plead to get it.
This what you wanted to show me?
What, this nice big bed here? Hm?
I wrote this number.
It's about you.
You don't know anything about me.
I know you're a private dancer.
I only need three other girls.
We can put it on at the Crave Club.
I'll show you.
Stand right here. Watch me.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Slow down!
Like this?
Yeah. - Yeah?
Come on now, follow me.
I know you can.
Mmm! I have my period.
Yeah, right.
Check.
See?
It's all right. I got towels.
You can fuck me when you love me.
But I do love you.
Yeah, right.
You don't fool me. I see you.
What do you see?
I see you hiding.
From what?
From you.
You got into some bad shit
someplace, didn't you?
Thanks for the hamburger!
Where were you? What happened?
Tony Moss called.
He said to call him right away.
Here's the number. Call him.
Oh, Jesus. I'll call him.
Tony Moss, please.
It's Nomi Malone.
Yes?
Yes.
OK.
I got in.
She's the yellow rose of Texas
She charges 50 bucks
She's the richest whore in Texas
And all she does is fucks
You're late. I'm gone.
I got another job, Al.
Where you going?
You going to another club?
They giving you
a better cut? I'll match it.
I'm in Goddess at the Stardust.
What's so fucking funny?
She's going down to the Stardust.
She's gonna be in the show.
Good for her.
La de dah de dah de dah.
She'll be back.
No, I won't.
I'll never come back.
You're a fucking stripper.
Don't you get it?
I'm a dancer.
If you're a dancer, then
Henrietta's the Virgin Mary.
I got bigger tits than
the fuckin' Virgin Mary
and I got a bigger mouth, too.
Hey, goddamnit, you're the only one
who could get my tits popping right.
See ya, Al.
I'm not hiring you back. You hear me?
Not even if you give me
a fucking blow job!
James! James!
Come on!
I got it!
Got - got what?
I'm in the show.
In Goddess.
Oh, man.
What about the number I wrote for you?
I thought we were workin' on something,
you and I.
Oh, James.
She gonna be in your number?
I'll be right there.
She can't dance.
Yeah, but you're gonna
teach her, right?
She's got talent, right?
You know, you and me,
we ain't got no ties.
Dancing and fucking.
Right?
Yeah.
That's right.
See ya.
Who was that?
Ah, just somebody that wanted
to be in the number.
You're not gonna give
her my part, are you?
No, baby. She can't dance.
No?
I wrote that number for you.
You know that. Yeah.
Excuse me.
What can I do for you?
I'm supposed to see Mr. Moss.
I'm Nomi Malone.
OK. Go on in.
One day she looks like Pollyanna,
the next day she looks like...
I don't know, Lolita maybe.
Nice dress.
Thanks. I bought it at "Versayce".
In The Forum.
Oh, yeah. "Versayce".
I love "Versayce".
Me, too.
OK, you know Marty.
Hi. - Hi.
Gay's our line captain.
Hi.
If you let me down,
I could lose my reputation
for being such an all-knowing prick.
I worked very hard for that reputation,
so don't do it.
Deal?
Deal.
Gay will show you around.
Let's get going.
Nomi. We'll do
a run-through this afternoon.
Good luck. - Thank you.
They always tell you that in Vegas.
Just before they take your money.
You need to maintain your weight.
Eat a lot of brown rice and vegetables.
And stay indoors.
I don't wanna see any tan lines.
Your makeup and costumes
are your responsibility.
Don't take 'em home.
Whatever you do, don't ever,
ever go out on stage crying.
You do eat brown rice and vegetables,
don't you?
Sure.
Good.
This is your table.
If you're smart,
and I was smart,
you'll figure out a job and a man
for later on.
How'd you find your guy?
I chipped my tooth on a Quaalude.
He was my dentist.
You'll be running
this monster six times a night.
Hold on to the railing,
you don't want to fall.
I'll take you to Personnel.
They want some information.
What kind of information?
Date of birth.
7-3, um, 73.
Place of birth.
New York.
New York, New York?
Yeah.
Nearest family members.
I don't have any family.
Deceased?
Yes.
Have you ever been arrested?
Charged with a criminal offense?
No.
Social Security number.
I don't know.
Let me check on that for you, OK?
Hey, you got it.
Nice goin'. That's great. - Thank you.
Zack, this is Nomi Malone.
Sure. I remember her. Hi.
I bet you do remember her.
Well, she's pretty memorable.
Listen, I'm glad you're part
of the team. Nice dress.
Thanks, it's a "Versayce".
It's "Versace".
What?
"Versace".
It's pronounced "Versace". - Oh.
You got great taste.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Girls.
Up at the ceiling.
This is Nomi.
Nicky, Julie, Deena. And you know Gay.
They'll run through it once. You just
watch. Then we'll blend you in.
Have you eaten anything?
What do you want?
Burger, fries, and soda.
Get her some brown rice, vegetables,
and a bottle of Evian.
OK. Line it up.
No Nomi, no no no.
Come take a look at this first.
Here we go! 5, 6, 7, 8!
Hoh! 2, 3!
Hah! There!
You gonna try now. You ready?
Yeah.
Try it now. 5, 6, 7, hit it!
Go!
Hoh!
Bam!
Kick it! Work it!
Hold it!
Nomi, what kind of turn was that?
Do a pickle turn. Come on.
That's it. OK. Music.
Go! Hah!
Go! Yes!
Hah! Higher.
Not that high.
Stay in sync.
1, 2, 3, 1!
Thrust it! Thrust it!
Come on! Thrust it!
Bam! OK.
That's enough. Thank you, ladies.
Good job. Thank you.
Gay, work with her on her turns
and work with her on her balance.
How long will it be before
I can be able to do the show?
You're starting tonight.
Tonight? - You'll be fine.
How did she do?
She's no butterfly.
Tony, she's all
pelvic thrust. I mean, she prowls.
She's got it.
I wonder how she got it.
She certainly didn't learn it.
She learned it all right, but they
don't teach it in any class.
Wait. You need
more orange. Let me do it.
How do you feel?
Oh! Don't ask.
Hey, who the hell took my makeup?
Monkey alert! Monkey alert!
It's them again!
I told you if this happened again...
They make babies.
Babies?
Oh! Oh, get out.
Grab her! Grab her!
I've got one.
Thank you.
Julie, you fucking slut!
You take my makeup again,
I'll fucking kill you!
Oh, I'm a slut? You fucked that
kid from the pizza place.
Well you fucked the meter reader.
Bitch!
You're fucking dead!
Come on, you two!
For Chrissakes!
Calm down! Stop it!
It's done! It's done!
Showtime.
Move it! You got four counts of eight.
Nomi, wait. Your wig.
All right, you're fine.
Move up, you guys.
There's shit on the stage.
They always got the shits.
It's that damn garlic.
Where is it, Jack? Up left.
Guys, upstage left... Monkey shit.
You want some blow?
Last chance ice.
Go! Go!
Pickle it up. Let's go.
Move faster. Pickle it up.
Brian, go!
See ya.
All right, everybody, Let's go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
I love you!
Come on, you guys. Keep it moving.
Nomi, wait. What?
Two beats.
1, 2. Go!
Shit!
Yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen,
the Stardust proudly presents
Miss Cristal Connors!
Yeah.
Nomi, you got two minutes.
Change into a red wig.
I got your costume.
Nomi. Nomi.
Slip this on.
Did I do OK?
Yeah. You did fine.
Your right leg extension needs work.
It's eight steps on the sweep, not six.
We'll work tomorrow. Be here at noon.
Put this on. You're done.
I didn't fall.
You did. You nearly fell.
Hey yo. Can I talk to you a minute?
Come on. Please.
Talk.
Alone?
I'll go get the car.
I'll be right there.
Yeah?
Who sent you the flowers?
None of your business.
OK. OK look, I just wanted to say...
You and me ain't got no ties.
I have a problem with pussy.
I always have, and I'm always gonna.
But I meant what I said to you.
Look I'm not interested
in your problems, OK?
I did write it for you.
Yeah, but I did tell her I was
gonna teach her and I did fuck her.
Who you fuck is your business,
and I'm not making it mine.
You know it's not like I'm
seeing any money
for writing that number.
I may as well touch a little pussy.
You ain't got nothing to say?
No.
Thanks for the flowers.
Tony said you did great.
I never got flowers before.
Really?
Well, I'm sure you'll get lots of them.
He gave them to you?
Yeah, he did.
What is he, a pimp?
Only people I know
got pimp cars are pimps.
He's the entertainment director.
That's exactly what I said,
he's a pimp.
Hey, Nomes. Let's go.
Good luck with your number, James.
I'm sure you're gonna teach her
to be a great dancer.
Hello?
Anybody here?
Back here.
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
I'm doing some of the finest
cocaine in the world, darlin'.
You want some?
It's great for the muscles.
I told Marty I'd work
on your turns with you darlin',
but I'm feeling a little
turned inside-out myself today.
Cut the shit.
OK.
We got off on the wrong foot.
You want to start
dancing all over again?
Why?
Why not?
You want to walk down to
Spago, get something to eat?
Where is it?
Just down from "Versayce".
"Versace".
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Right this way.
Enjoy.
I don't know what all this stuff is.
I'll order for you.
Don't they have
brown rice and vegetables?
Do you like brown rice
and vegetables?
Yeah.
You do?
Sort of.
Really?
It's worse than dog food.
It is.
I've had dog food.
You have?
A long time ago.
Doggy Chow.
I used to love Doggy Chow.
I used to love Doggy Chow, too.
I get a headache from champagne.
Oh, this isn't champagne.
This is holy water.
I named myself after this holy water.
Chrissie Lou Connors
used to have dingy brown hair
and little bitty tits.
It's amazing what paint
and a surgeon can do.
You have great tits.
They're really beautiful.
Thank you.
I like nice tits.
I always have. How about you?
I like having nice tits.
How do you like having them?
What do you mean?
You know what I mean.
I like having them
in a nice dress or a tight top.
You like to show 'em off.
I didn't like
showing them off at the Cheetah.
Why not?
I liked looking at 'em there.
Everybody liked looking at 'em there.
Made me feel like a hooker.
You are a whore, darlin'.
No, I'm not.
We all are.
We take the cash, we cash the check,
we show them what they want to see.
Maybe you are a whore,
Cristal, but I am not.
You and me...
We're exactly alike.
I'll never be like you.
Miss Connors. Sorry to bother you.
Would you sign this for me?
I'd be happy to darlin'. What's your name?
Frank. I'm from Galveston.
Well, I'm just a farm girl
from Del Rio myself, Frank.
I told you she was from Texas.
Woo, hey look at that.
Could I have me one just like that?
You want a girl to use up
all her lipstick on you?
You want to dance?
Right now?
It's now or never.
That's what Elvis said.
Know the best advice I ever got?
You're up there
onstage, hoping on a spot.
If someone gets in your way,
step on 'em.
If you're the only one
left standing there,
they hire you.
That's about it. Thank you and
good night, ladies and gentlemen.
Elvis has left the building.
You see, darlin'?
You are a whore.
Bitch.
I guess we're done.
Right here. Right here.
Thank you.
Nicky, can I talk to you for a second?
Listen, after the show...
Coming through.
Mommy, can we see the monkeys?
Not now honey. They're busy.
Please mommy, they're so cute.
They have to work, sweetheart.
What are they doing, mommy?
I want to see the monkeys!
Why can't we see the monkeys?
Will you get these fucking kids
out of here?
She said the "F" word.
Shut the fuck up.
It's OK.
It's OK. It's OK.
Let's get out of here.
Nomi. Listen, there's a boat convention
coming into town next week.
They need a couple of girls.
Nicky's doing it. You interested?
Pays 1,000 dollars.
$1,000? - Yeah.
To do what?
Just represent your hotel for a day.
Wear your costumes and your smile
and they take your picture.
$1,000?
Uh-hmm.
Great.
Cristal here recommended you.
Thanks.
My pleasure, darlin'.
Just looking out for you.
Oh Cristal we got to talk about
that magazine layout.
Later. Later.
Don't do it.
What? It's $1,000. Why not?
Molly, I need you.
Yes, I'm coming.
I know girls who've done it before.
Molly, I'm waiting.
They didn't like it.
Did you do it before?
Yeah.
Did you like it?
Did I like it?
Sure, I liked it.
Let's hear it for these two
beautiful girls from Goddess,
the new smash at the Stardust.
Thank you.
Pardon me.
Hey, hey guys.
Shit. Here he comes.
How's it goin'?
Fine.
Tough gig, huh?
Very tough.
This is my good friend Mr. Okida.
He's from Bangkok.
He's one of our very, very high rollers.
Ladies, we got a great idea.
We want to take you girls to
dinner tonight after the show.
Have some lobster, hear Caesar
sing. Ever heard Caesar sing?
Man, that guy's great.
You'll love him.
Caesar sing.
Yeah. Caesar will sing,
and we'll go back to my place
and we'll sing,
just the four of us.
How about it?
We sing.
Yeah. We'll sing a lotta songs.
Yeah?
OK.
OK. Good deal.
Not me.
Excuse me.
Hey, hey! Be nice.
Get your hands off me!
Listen you're getting $1,000 for this.
For this!
This!
Hey forget it. Just forget it.
No harm done. No damage.
Christ.
Is that right?
OK. Tell me another one.
No, it's the truth.
Just tell me one more.
Zack.
Yeah?
I wanna talk to you.
Sure.
Let's go upstairs.
Did you have a nice day, darlin'?
No.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Jesus.
I'm sorry.
Some people just don't get it.
I'm on the stage. Get me
Phil Newkirk, would you?
Right.
Thank you.
I want you to stay.
Yeah. The drop is up 33%
on those 58 machines.
It's gonna make your bottom line about 250.
Right.
OK.
I got an MBA for this.
That's what this business has come to,
cost-analyzing every slot machine.
What's an MBA?
An MBA is a degree...
- Zack, you in here?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Hey, hey, hey. What's goin' on?
I ever hear this again,
you're out of here.
Nothing happened.
Yeah, something happened.
She's jumping to conclusions, Zack.
If that happens here again, to anybody,
you're going to jump to your conclusion
without your golden parachute.
You owe her an apology.
Uhm, Nomi I'm sorry. I apologize.
Yeah, fine. OK.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
Give me juice on three and four.
An MBA's a degree
you pickle up in college.
It's mostly worthless in the real world.
OK let's get an audio check.
You go for it, don't you?
Yeah, I try to.
Showtime.
That's for sure.
Right, bring both of those back up.
Phil, you dumb fuck, get back up here.
I know. I know.
I wanna thank you
for lookin' out for me.
It was so nice of you
to recommend me to Phil.
What are friends for?
Right.
Molly. You were right
about the convention.
Ooh. Sweet baby.
Do that again and I'll break
your fucking fingers.
Hey I can't help it
you don't have a gay partner.
Fuck you.
He wants everybody
to see how hetero he is.
Molly, could you bring that
flashlight over here.
I want to see how big it is.
You want a knuckle sandwich?
Aw, can I have mine anally?
Come on, you guys stop. Jesus.
Everybody here? Let's go,
let's line it up.
What are you looking at, bitch?
All right. Let's go. Go, go, go!
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Are you OK, Annie?
Don't move.
Is it broken?
They don't know.
It's my leg.
Tell me when you feel something.
It's her knee.
It isn't broken, is it?
Daryl, what happened?
My foot went out from under me.
This is what happened.
I wonder how those got up there.
They probably came off a costume.
It's OK honey, we're gonna
take you to the hospital.
Shit no. - Jesus. Poor Annie.
Tough break.
Let us through here, please.
OK. See you later.
It's my decision. I'm the producer.
I hired your show. You're my producer.
She was my understudy.
I want a voice in this.
You can have a voice in this,
but I'm making the decision.
It is broken, kids.
Shit. That'll be three months.
At least.
Bad karma, huh?
Nomi, your mother's waiting for you.
My mother?
Well for your sake, I hope she's not.
If a light sleeper
can sleep with a light on,
can a hard sleeper
sleep with a hard-on?
What do you call a tiger?
Henry!
I can get shit on, but I
don't like getting spit on.
Hi.
Hi, Al.
You look like shit.
She looks better than a
10-inch dick, and you know it.
So, you like it here?
What do you think,
she's gonna miss you?
Yeah. Why not?
We miss her.
She misses us like that lump on my twat
I had taken off last week.
Jesus, Henry.
I saw the show.
You were good.
Thank you, Al.
Real good.
You take care, kid.
Must be weird not having
anybody come on ya.
Nomi. You want a ride?
I got one.
OK. Good night.
Wait.
You ever been in one of these?
No.
I always wanted one.
Some car, isn't it?
It doesn't suck.
All right. Where we headed?
You have to give me directions.
To your place.
Do you like Cristal?
I like a lot of different champagnes,
but I always stick with champagne.
What's Andrew Carver like?
Are you nervous?
Don't be.
I'm not.
I liked it when you came.
I liked your eyes.
Hey. Stay with me.
I'll drive you back in the morning.
It is morning.
Please?
I've got a taxi coming.
Send it back.
Cristal needs a new understudy.
There's an audition at noon.
You wanna try?
Would you have told me about it
if I hadn't come here?
It wasn't my idea
to come here. It was yours.
I want to see you again.
We'll see how it goes.
What, the audition?
$10.50.
Thanks. - Thank you.
Hello.
Mmm. I hate you.
Who was he?
Zack.
Oh, my God.
Did you tie him up?
Oh, shit. What?
I forgot to untie him.
Are you high?
Maybe a little.
Oh. I can't go to sleep now.
I've got an audition at noon.
Where are the Sugar Snaps?
In the cupboard.
Nomi, don't get sucked into it.
Uh-oh. Look what I found.
OK. Whatever, Nomes.
Julie.
She's not hot enough, Ton.
She's got it down.
You can teach them to get it down.
She doesn't have Cristal's heat.
Yeah well, none of them
have Cristal's heat.
I do love you, Gay.
Nomi's got heat.
Does she now?
Yes, she does.
Oh. In a totally
different way, of course.
Come on.
She's going to take the lead?
This is a hotel show.
This isn't the Cheetah.
Nobody's taking my lead anyway, darlin'.
I haven't missed a show in eight years.
But you're not getting
any younger, darlin'.
Eat me.
You wanna do it again with just Nomi?
No.
Yeah, I do. Set it up, Marty.
This is bullshit.
It's about your dick.
Nicky, Julie, thank you.
What do we know about her?
Nothin'. I'm not even sure she gave us
the right Social Security number.
Find out, would you?
Find out what? - Everything.
- All right.
You fucked her, didn't you?
That piss you off
because you're jealous, Cris,
or because I beat you to the punch?
You fuck him for the spot
or you fuck him because you wanted to?
I say you did it for the spot.
Is that what you did, Cristal?
You don't want to piss me off
darlin', now that we're friends.
No. You shouldn't get pissed off.
It makes you look older.
Nomi.
Yeah?
You got it.
I do? Yeah.
Marty and Gay are going
to work with you.
I'll talk to Phil.
We'll get some glossies taken.
You did good.
I'll call you for dinner.
We'll have some lobster.
Did you ever hear Caesar
sing? You'll love it.
What?
Congratulations.
I see you have many talents.
I thought she did good.
I didn't even know
about the audition
until afterwards.
Do you like my nails?
Not as nice as yours.
Maybe I'll help you with yours sometime.
If you want.
Isn't that nice of you, darlin'?
What are friends for?
On second thought...
I'm not sure I want you to do mine.
I'm getting a little too old
for that whorey look.
I'll think about it.
OK.
Close the door on your way out.
Hey! Bring on the real dancers!
Get off the stage! Shit! Get off there!
All right! All right!
Enough of this stuff.
Let's dance!
I loved it.
It was good.
What are you doing here? Slumming?
Heather!
Hope!
Were we good?
You were great.
She dances like a truck.
I do not!
Do you want something to drink?
Yeah, get me a beer, bitch.
Look what I got.
It's beautiful.
I stole it from my grandmother.
You did not! You got it at a pawnshop.
We're gettin' married.
You love her?
I don't know. She's havin' a baby.
What about this?
We ain't any good. You heard them.
"Get outta here! Get off the stage!"
What are you gonna do?
Work in a grocery store.
Her mother owns it.
We'll get a discount on baby food.
See ya.
Shit happens, you know?
Life sucks. I'm a student of T-shirts.
Hey, Nicky.
Hey, excuse me. Wait! You cannot go...
What's going on?
Fuck! What do you mean,
"What's going on?"
Hey, cool it, all right?
Cool it?
You told me I got it,
then sent me this?
I didn't have a choice. She threatened
to walk, she got her lawyers in.
So what?
So she's a big star.
You're not worth it.
I'm sorry, Nomi. I tried.
Fuck!
My G-string snapped.
So there I was, dancing buck
naked for five minutes.
I mean, my poor partner.
Hey, I thought about it, darlin'.
You think you could do my nails now?
OK.
Maybe some other time.
Come on, slave girl.
Let's go! Go! Go!
Run, run, run! Go!
Go! Go! Run!
You guys, let me through!
Oh, my God!
Shit!
Cristal, can you hear me?
Somebody get Marty here!
Marty!
What the hell happened? - I don't know.
Somebody get an ambulance. Now!
Who was behind her?
I was.
What happened?
I don't know. She just went down.
She slipped.
I saw it.
Nomi wasn't even close to her.
Tough break, huh?
What's the matter?
Nothing.
All right. Thanks.
Keep me informed.
Well, she's got a concussion.
That'll be all right.
But she's got a compound
fracture of the right hip.
Oh, Christ.
You know how long
those take to heal?
We got to shut the show down.
Not a chance. The show goes on.
The Stardust is never
dark. It's never been.
It never will be,
not while I'm alive.
Who was her understudy?
Well, we had a girl who...
What's funny?
Cristal Connors is a star, Sam.
You can't just replace her.
What if we could just bring
somebody in while she's recuperating?
She could be out a year.
Like who?
Janet Jackson. Paula Abdul.
Paula Abdul.
Jesus, Phil. In my show?
We're not gonna pay
those kind of salaries.
Well in that case, Mr. Karlman,
we do what we do in Vegas.
What?
We gamble.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the Stardust proudly presents...
Miss Nomi Malone!
We could've brought anyone
into this show,
Janet Jackson, Paula Abdul.
Nomi Malone is what
Las Vegas is all about.
She's dazzling, she's exciting,
and very, very sexy.
Thank you, Zack.
Yes, sir.
Miss Malone, how did you feel
about the show tonight?
I just hope I can be
as good as the show.
You are, my dear.
You are the show. - Hear, Hear.
Miss Malone, please.
Come on, come on, over here, Nomi.
That's great, Nomi. One more.
Please, please.
This way, please. Congratulations.
Hey, you ready to party?
Where?
The Paradiso.
I rented out the bungalows.
For what? - For you.
Hurry up. I got a limo waiting.
I don't have anything to wear.
Yes, you do!
Andrew Carver's coming. He saw
the show, thought you were great!
Did you hear that?
Andrew Carver is gonna be there!
Yeah, I heard.
Hey, what's wrong with you?
You pushed her, didn't you?
No.
How can you talk that shit to me?
Julie saw it.
She couldn't have seen it.
I saw Julie. And her back was to you.
She saw it.
Wow, OK.
Have fun at your party.
Molly. Molly! Come here, Molly!
You got to come.
Andrew's going to be there.
I don't care.
Molly...
It ain't a party without you.
Let go of me.
Miss Malone! Miss Malone!
One more! This way!
This way, Nomi!
To the one and only -
Surprise!
- beautiful girl in the world!
One minute.
Oh, my God.
So...
what I want to know is...
where's Andrew?
Look.
I love your outfit.
Thank you.
Nomi...
think I could be your understudy?
I'll see what I can do, OK?
Thanks, darlin'.
Hey, Andrew Carver's here.
Come on. I wanna introduce you.
Let's go.
Andrew's here!
One more, Andrew! Great.
Andrew, this way!
Zack. How you doin'?
Andrew Carver,
Nomi Malone.
How you doin'?
You were sensational tonight.
Thank you. - You're welcome.
Zachary...
Wherever did you find her?
I'll never tell.
I like your songs.
Thank you.
You know, uh...
I like your ass.
Call me.
Molly Abrams,
Andrew Carver.
Hi, Molly.
Andrew. I can't even
thread a needle anymore.
Sorry?
Molly's one of your biggest fans.
Well, then, let me get you a drink.
OK.
Come on.
Oh, my God.
Enjoy.
You look beautiful tonight.
Should we walk into the wind?
Maybe fall when autumn falls
Let's walk into the wind
You have to learn to touch by touching
Touch me, touch me, if you dare
We will reach the end of the beginning
In this beatnik love affair...
What's going on?
Just wanna party, baby.
Let me go!
Get her!
Let me go! - Shut the fuck up!
Aah! - Throw her down!
Pussy!
Fuck her, man!
Fuck her!
Fuck her! - Let me go!
Maybe fall when autumn falls
Let's walk into the wind
I could fall in love with you.
Take my hand, hold on tight
I promise you it'll be all right
Walk into the wind
Let's get out of here.
Molly.
We have her sedated.
She's in shock.
She has a broken nose, vaginal tears.
She'll be here three or four days.
Zack, Zack.
Look at this. And look at this.
Later.
Where are the police?
They're not here.
- Why the fuck aren't they here?
Because they're not coming.
Don't do it.
Polly.
How did you find out?
You were busted for disturbing
the peace at the Crave Club.
The police took your fingerprints.
I don't have to listen to this.
Yes, you do.
Polly Ann Costello.
Your father killed your mother,
then killed himself.
You ran away from a foster home
in Oakland, December 1990.
Arrests, Denver, soliciting.
Stop it! - San Jose, soliciting.
Cheyenne, soliciting. Shall I
read you the rest of them?
Possession of crack cocaine.
Assault with a deadly weapon.
Tell me something.
Why did you stop hooking?
You had your future pretty well
mapped out for yourself.
I did what I had to do.
Just like you did with Cristal.
I'm not a whore.
No.
You're not.
You're gonna be a big star.
Your face is gonna be up on billboards.
And you're gonna make a lot
of money for the Stardust.
You're not gonna let them
get away with this.
Andrew Carver is
at the Paradiso this year.
But he might be
at the Riviera next year
or the Stardust the year after
that. He's part of the team.
So are you.
What about Molly?
You like her? I'll make sure he
gives her a lot of money.
She can have a dress shop.
Tell me something.
What did you charge?
Hooking.
50.
100 sometimes.
You got low self-esteem, baby.
You're a fantastic fuck.
I was paying you a compliment.
It's showtime.
Andrew Carver, please.
Hello, baby. - Hi.
Lookin' good.
He's ready for you. - Thank you.
Didn't take you long.
No.
I like you better topless.
Wait till you see me bottomless.
I'm waiting.
Take the rest off.
Sure.
You make a sound, I'll fucking kill you!
OK, OK, OK.
Oh, man, no.
Fucker!
Fuck off!
He says he wants to sleep.
Tired him out, huh?
Yeah.
She's still out. It's the medication.
Is she OK?
She's OK.
Molly.
I just went to Carver.
I kicked the shit out of him.
I love you.
Cristal Connors, please.
Room 319.
You know the best advice
I ever gave you?
If you're the only one
left standing up there...
They'll hire you.
Thank you... And good night,
ladies and gentlemen.
Cristal has left the building.
I'm sorry, Cristal.
Yeah, I know just how sorry you are.
How do you think I got my first lead?
There's always someone
younger and hungrier
coming down the stairs after you.
Why didn't you tell anyone?
Oh, hell, darlin'.
I needed a rest.
Besides my lawyers got me
a real nice settlement.
I gotta go.
Aren't you going to come here
and give me a big kiss?
Bye, darlin'. - Bye, darlin'.
Come on! Hurry up!
Hop in, pard.
This here's your lucky day.
Right.
Let's go.
So did you gamble?
Did you win?
What'd you win?
Me.
Oh, fuck.
It's you.
I want my fucking suitcase,
asshole!
Hey! Wait a minute! I'm driving
here! Jesus fuckin' Christ!
Watch the fuckin' road!
Be cool, be cool.
I'll get your suitcase.
Mellow out, all right?
Hello, I'm coming in my new skin
Hello, hello
I'm hungry for some new skin
Hello, it's me
I'm coming for you in my new skin
I woke up
Wanting you
But you are rarely there
I howl a song, and I prowl and long
I drown, but you don't care
I can't get anything done
With you shakin' around like that
I can't take it off for fun
With that animal on your back
I can't get anything done
With you shakin' around like that
I can't take it off for fun
With that animal on your back
Animal!
Do you like that?
How about this? You like this?
Animal
Our naked history
Shattered in a bad rap
But those days, decades
Dollars and centuries
It's a tail in a trap
You really don't know, do ya?
Your scent is all I need
To bring out the savage in me
To bring out the animal in me
I can't get anything done
With you shakin' around like that
I can't take it off for fun
With that animal on your back
Animal! Animal!